Idea: IAmTheSongman (race) / GeomanNL.

(note: this is work-in-progress)

Ship: the Batha Deviant.

Quirk: anti-gravity field, generated because because the race comes from an alien anti-matter environment. This is on by default, as long as there is battery left... otherwise it's at a minimum, making them vulnerable to positive-world attacks. Movement in real-space drains energy quickly.

Weapon: a long range plasma missile, pretty fast, and homing as well!

Special: come to an immediate stop, and emit a small cloud. This cloud become the target of one of missiles that are around, if they were originally homing in on the ship.

Race: the Batha (by IAmTheSongman).

In one area of space, there exists a "pocket" of antimatter, for no discernible reason. Some think it was caused by Precursor experiments. Others think it was "ripped" from a different dimension and placed here by...something. In this pocket exist a star system, which consists of one star, one planet, and one moon. On this one planets there lives a sentient race. I'll call them the Batha for convenience. The Batha are a starfaring race, at roughly the same tech level as the Yehat. Their first few extrasolar ships, however, disappeared in a flash of light. Eventually they discovered that by installing antigravity devices they could prevent probes from being destroyed. But when they sent Batha, they consistently came back completely nutters. Jumpy and paranoid, their minds had cracked from the stress of thinking about the matter around them. The only way they could prevent this from happening was to send people who were already slightly barmy. But this they could not do, for the only people who could actually pilot the Deviants were those so utterly insane that they could not be used. Several attempts were made, and one brilliant government worker hit on the idea of mind-altering drugs. In all standard Deviant models currently active, there is one burner which incenerates a weed similar in effect to the Earthling marijuana. This would also provide a logical choice between the two primary ideas. Pyrotechnic, dude! 

If you 'ally' with the Batha, the captains dock on the starbase, utterly destroying it. Thus you cannot ally with the Batha without losing the game. If you enter the "pocket" without some certain item, you automatically lose the game due to the antimatter/matter reaction. However, with this item, you can go the the Batha homeworld, where (unless you pissed of some Batha captain(which would take a lot of doing)), they will be sympathetic to your cause and give you two Batha Deviants.

