
Meknik Pincer.

Adapted by GeomanNL from an idea of JadtheGerbil.
Here's a copy of the topic:


Meknik Pincer:

A gigantic multipurpose ship asteroid miner retrofitted by the Meknik for battle purposes. Medium-sized ship, resembles a huge Swiss Army knife in function, but more like a sphere w/ attachments in form.

PRIMARY: PINCER-Class Lasers:
Longish-Range lasers, used primarily for breaking up asteroids; fires in a wide spread (~20 degrees)

SECONDARY: MINeral Re-allocators [MINCER]
Two spinning blades of death (like chainsaws) circle the ship; melee weapon

Pictures to come

-- Lengthy BackStory --

Race: Meknik

A hardy race with a very short lifespan and a technological gift were enshielded by the Kzer-Za hundreds of Earth-Years ago. Because of their rather short life-span (only 5 or so Earth years), they didn't have much time for the every day mundane things in life, instead trusting that to robots of their own creation. Automatons of limitless lifespan (thanks to fusion powercells) served as a link between generations, helping to educate and instruct, and keep the living legacy alive.

When the Ur-Quan came along, they crippled the race with an EMP blast, eliminating nearly everything. They succumbed in days. 

This cataclysmic event came to be known as The Blast and serving as a new reference for their calendar measured Post-Blast. 

The defeated race chose enshieldment. The Ur-Quan did, however, give them a space station with a super-computer that held all their data for them, easily accessible through portals, but encrypted with security measures that would take them 20 lifetimes to crack to prevent retrofitting.

When the supply ships stopped coming years ago, the people aboard the station realized that their genetic code had reached a bottleneck. Without the variability of the various planets they'd colonized affecting their gene pool, they were slowly dying of genetic instabilities and diseases they were previously immune to. W/o resupplies, they, and their children, would die.

Dozens of years before, however, they'd reprogrammed the dumb maintenance robots aboard the station to serve as pale surrogates of the personal companions they'd held before The Blast. As their race gasped for breath, they furiously worked to upload their consciousness into their new drones, but found their time too short to do so. As the last scientist died, he hit the Calculate button on the Intelligence-O-Matic, with an estimated time of completion of "about 20 years".

The robots, model MK-NK Helper Class, became aware alone, in a large dark space station orbitting a red planet. They called themselves the Meknik and their initial task as outlined in the Great Queue of Precendence was to hack the mainframe. You find them in this state.

PARTICULARS:

The Meknik are a very new race and much resemble eager to please 12 year olds. However, they possess a technological prowess unsurpassable among your allies, as well as a deep and understated culture, which I can go into later.

Imagine a mix of the Spathi, Zot-Foq-Pik, and Mrnmnhrm. 
