Ship          - Strivanar Scrutinizer
Class         - Heavy destroyer?
crew          - 22
battery       - 6
acceleration  - Excellent
Turning       - Good
Top Speed     - Excellent

Weapons
 Primary   - Long range light missiles.
 Secondary - Marker beacons

Extra - Marker beacons
 A spread of them is fired in front of the ship.  If one encounters a ship, it 'Tags'
 it to allow the missiles to home in, even on cloaked ships.  If not, they expire in
 space.  A 'tagged' ship has a red flashing marker on it, really fun with clokers,
 but the beacon runs out of juice in about 8 seconds.

Weaknesses
 Puny battery and below-average recharge.  Small crew complement for it's size.
 Center of gravity is near front of ship, so turning swings the tail back and forth,
 making it difficult to swerve out of the way of weapons.  The main weapon is mounted
 on an outrigger, so doesn't fire directly from the axis.  The ship also swivels on
 it's forward axis when turning, so the outrigger's distance from the axis changes.
 You MUST dart in and plant a beacon on something before you can fire missiles,
 they won't fire at all without one.  Is worthless against anything with
 point-defense, and pretty bad against long-range homing weapons or very graceful
 ships; a Hornet can beat it.
 
Strengths
 Once you get a marker on a cloaker, they're pretty well helpless.  Just make
 sure you keep planting markers on them, or else you might lose them again.
 The only exception is the Exterminator; that ship is WAY too powerful, like
 a Druuge with good batteries that can cloak.  It is also good against a few
 large, slow ships.

Race:
 They call themselves the Strivanar, little else is known.  Their eyesight  seems to
 be adapted to low light levels.  It is uncertain whether the many eyes observed all
 belong to the captain.

Update July 15th, 2001:
-----------------------
-Allow multiple targets.
	Configured in strsc.ini, default is 3.  No more than 16 are allowed.
-Allow non-ship targets, aka planets, asteroids, mines.  To disable this, change
	mode=1 to mode=0 in strsc.ini
-Made marker timing much more accurate
-fixed annoying bug with Kohr-Ah blades by adding tiny offset to position